Create ui-c8y-1018-503-97-clear-cookies-before-relogin-to-the-platform-after-changing-login-mode.md (#2166)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1018-503-97-clear-cookies-before-relogin-to-the-platform-after-changing-login-mode.md

---
date: ""

> title: clear cookies before relogin to the platform after changing login mode (#6509)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Clear cookies before relogin after changing login mode
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59531
version: 1018.503.97
---

> clear cookies before relogin to the platform after changing login mode (#6509)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, after changing the login mode, users were not required to clear their cookies before relogging into the platform, which could lead to unexpected behavior. With this change, users are now prompted to clear their cookies before relogging into the platform after changing the login mode. This ensures a clean session and prevents potential issues related to stale or inconsistent cookie data.
```
